# Netflix_GPT

This is Repository for Netflix.

# Steps for building the project from scratch.

1. Intialize the package manger -> npm init
2. Install the vite(Bundler) -> npm install -D vite @vitejs/plugin-react

- Creating vite.config.js file on root
  import { defineConfig } from "vite";
  import react from "@vitejs/plugin-react";

  export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [react()],
  });

3.  Installing the React. -> npm i react react-dom
4.  Add the script in package.json so that it will be easy to run the app.
5.  Installing the Tailwind CSS-> npm install tailwindcss @tailwindcss/postcss
    - Then update below content in .vite.config.js file.
      import { defineConfig } from "vite";
      import react from "@vitejs/plugin-react";
      import tailwindcss from "@tailwindcss/vite";

           export default defineConfig({
             plugins: [react(), tailwindcss()],
           });

    - Import the "@import "tailwindcss" in .css file

6.  Install React router dom for fast navigation in react -> npm install react-router-dom
7.  Install Firebase SDK -> npm install firebase
8.  Install the Firebase CLI -> npm install -g firebase-tools
9.  Deploy the Firebase Hosting - >

- firebase login
- firebase init
- firebase deploy

10. Installing Redux Toolkit/ React- Redux package for state management ->
    npm install @reduxjs/toolkit
    npm install react-redux

11. Installing the openai/gemini sdk

Note:

1. node_modules contain all the installed packages.
2. dist is generated by parcel which is bundled, minified, and optimized code.
3. .parcel_cache is stores intermediate build files to speed up subsequent builds.
4. index.html file should be at the root level as we are using the vite.

## Features of Netflix GPT

- Login Page
  login/signup form
- Browser Page
  - Header
    - Navigations Tab
    - Search Bar
    - Notification
    - Main Trailer
    - Movie Info
    - Play button
  - Body
    - Movie Suggestion based on category.

# Navigations using React- router dom

- / -> Login Body
- /login -> Login Form
- /browse -> Browser Page

# Redux :

- Action answers:
  "What happened?"
- Reducer answers:
  "How should state change?"

That separation is the foundation of Redux architecture.
